README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="./design/desktop-preview.jpg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Order Summary Card</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [your_project_name] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**[your_project__name]** is a...

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> Describe the tech stack and include only the relevant sections that apply to your project.

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[key_feature_1]**
- **[key_feature_2]**
- **[key_feature_3]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://google.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install this project with:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- [ ] **[new_feature_1]**
- [ ] **[new_feature_2]**
- [ ] **[new_feature_3]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

> Add at least 2 questions new developers would ask when they decide to use your project.

- **[Question_1]**

  - [Answer_1]

- **[Question_2]**

  - [Answer_2]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update the `project` name and description

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="./design/desktop-preview.jpg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Order Summary Card</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Order Summary Card <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**Order summary card** is a vanilla-js newbie project took as a challenge from frontend mentor platform at the inital stage of web development during my learning.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> Describe the tech stack and include only the relevant sections that apply to your project.

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[key_feature_1]**
- **[key_feature_2]**
- **[key_feature_3]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://google.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install this project with:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- [ ] **[new_feature_1]**
- [ ] **[new_feature_2]**
- [ ] **[new_feature_3]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

> Add at least 2 questions new developers would ask when they decide to use your project.

- **[Question_1]**

  - [Answer_1]

- **[Question_2]**

  - [Answer_2]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
